---
layout: page
title: "S01E09: Bus Trip to Manali"
permalink: /season-01/S01E09/
---

# S01E09: Bus Trip to Manali

## Questions:
### A bus which goes from Delhi to Manali has 100 seats, and the bus conductor charges 1000 rupees per seat, with a 50 rupee penalty to all the passengers for each empty seat. What is the maximum revenue that can be earned by the bus conductor and with how many seats getting booked?

---

## Additional Questions:
### What can be the different approaches to solve this problem?
### Can you see a polynomial equation here?
### If half of the seats are empty how much penalty should the conductor apply on all the remaining seats to make as much revenue as he would with all seats filled?
### If the penalty is not fixed but varying with the number of seats empty such that the revenue is fixed (always as much as completely booked bus), then how would penalty change with number of empty seats? is the linear or non-linear?

---

## Coding Assignments:
### Create simulations of these questions and observe the outputs carefully.
### Create visualizations and charts to understand this problem and its data distribution throughly.
### Create programs for solving questions like these quickly, i.e. finding maxima of a function, through different approaches.
### Understand the concepts associated with this problem deeply and try to create programs implementing those concepts.
### Research about this problem and its applications.

---

[← Back to Season 01](/codershigh/season-01/)
